For five and five hundred fifty-five There snatching ppaemyeo 10 So then the sword again
They 're starting the band when they're in college .
Oh yes
Doing a weird dance going at all this year is ridiculous
Which is what I have, for example, if one person singing piggyback the three rap on the next floor
Is this something
I really do not want to go the army'll ever annual production Ah well divided this way
That's it.
Oh, he had a rayon on his back, and he became a person I knew.
It's a lie. Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, now that was a one time ah better to talk to them separately but nowadays
You no apparent appears to take this
It's because the army has been in this shirt anyway.
I heard the band, what would you leave you say yes Oh no future no one lands
How is water yirang Yes I have several geotdeut is bleak anywhere la kkomul the
I'll never have to squeeze Comin came out of a sense of melancholy we have no tomorrow.
We do not accept anything that comes again.
I do.
And when it comes to me, it's always popular. But it's not. Nobody knew.
Because look at coming to see only the expensive ones Kiri and who knows there
Did that somehow a little gloomy. So for example,
I wish we were a little more popular though .
I thought.
We have to let other kids in the school come to see us.
Which idea do you have,
9 There is no one among us who is famous in school 4
But if approached to get a ticket to even more and more value then oh no negative
Inversion
I'll give you money . Then how can you say that you give me the money ?
Ah ah ah ah yes yes yes
So I 'm lost.
It's a student, but you can not put a lot in it.
I paid 100 yuan for the people . So I took the poster.
Have act
There's only one force on Ake just hope the old 100 won, but spent doing
If you come to the show, you will receive 100 won
Ya can be abundant 4 But eventually almost all the money and the kids
There are so many people who came to see me more.
4 Among others, people who were preparing to do indie bands at Hongdae
The band that they were preparing had their eyes open and Cobain did .
So that 's why I bought three c's in miari.
It seems like it's open to thought.
When you join us, you are recruited.
Yes, they will think that they have been used.
collection
They made it nice. They made some memories.
Oh , my good, the Rome airport is crawling out of our way, we have to make it.
Zambia seals like this one anyway get the name yoga just so Hongdae
From 2002 to 2004 in the previous club
This power is really in earnest defender haneungeo according to utilize every two years
I started living, but I was getting on the godmother's team.
It's a bit of a popular band, so it's a good start.
I'll react a little at home .
It was about 60, too.
Be the University masks the band said this is also removing any air
Uh, yeah, I'm trying to be a hobbyist.
Harvest
I'll take a lot of servers out.
I actually missed a lot, and since grade 3
Even though I can not graduate, I am still
It's like you graduated from Seoul .
I did not write it.
Because music is my day long, I do not need this courage, Anna Lee Kun-hee, the diploma
How Can I'm whether one Mars
I really have to say ah
Know drink cow got the perfect look and crocodile
I have friends who will act in the music, so then you've hanteneun
I did not need a diploma. I was going to talk like this.
I do not have the courage to do the same at the same time .
Oh, I'll have to make it. So I'm not doing it hard.
As dramatic as the moon
It's a kid, but it's a detergent .